copy_and_exit:            unbind
print:                    unbind
hint2:                    unbind
top:                      unbind
middle:                   unbind
bottom:                   unbind
start:                    unbind
end:                      unbind
scroll_down:              unbind
scroll_up:                unbind
hist_back:                unbind
hist_forward:             unbind
accelerator:              unbind
decelerator:              unbind
history:                  unbind
hint:                     unbind

exit:                     unbind
exit:                     esc
exit:                     e

grid_exit:                unbind
grid_exit:                w
grid_exit:                n
grid_exit:                p
grid_exit:                m
grid_exit:                r
grid_exit:                space

drag:                     unbind
drag:                     d

oneshot_buttons:          Cancel Cancel Cancel
buttons:                  space m r

scroll_down:              unbind
scroll_up:                unbind
scroll_down:              n
scroll_up:                p

grid:                     unbind
screen:                   unbind
left:                     unbind
down:                     unbind
up:                       unbind
right:                    unbind
grid:                     c
screen:                   s
left:                     h
down:                     j
up:                       k
right:                    l

grid_up:                  unbind
grid_left:                unbind
grid_down:                unbind
grid_right:               unbind
grid_cut_up:              unbind
grid_cut_left:            unbind
grid_cut_down:            unbind
grid_cut_right:           unbind
grid_up:                  K
grid_left:                H
grid_down:                J
grid_right:               L
grid_cut_up:              k
grid_cut_left:            h
grid_cut_down:            j
grid_cut_right:           l
grid_keys:                Cancel Cancel Cancel Cancel

oneshot_timeout:          1
drag_button:              1
grid_nr:                  2
grid_nc:                  2
grid_size:                4
grid_border_size:         0

hint_font:                Arial
hint_size:                20
hint_border_radius:       3
hint_exit:                esc
hint_undo:                backspace
hint_undo_all:            C-u
hint2_size:               20
hint2_gap_size:           1
hint2_grid_size:          3
speed:                    50
acceleration:             1000
scroll_speed:             300
scroll_max_speed:         9000
scroll_acceleration:      2500
scroll_deceleration:      -3400
indicator:                none
indicator_size:           12

cursor_size:       1
cursor_color:      #FF4500
grid_color:        #be1250
grid_border_color: #be1250
hint_bgcolor:      #1c1c1e
hint_fgcolor:      #a1aba7
indicator_color:   #00ff00

grid_size: 2
hint_chars:               aoeuidhtnsjkbmxqwvz
hint2_chars:              aoeuhtns
screen_chars:             aoeuhtns
